NISCHELLE: They are stars
from sports, TV,
film and music.
But before
their fame and renown,
most started out
with only hopes and dreams.
And I'm like, "Oh, my God.
He's gonna make the Olympics."
When we were lifting,
you know, I'd be like,
"Come on, push yourself.
Man made it, man can lift it."
NISCHELLE: Now in an emotional
journey back in time...
This was my room.
Uncle Roy used to always take
care of me, always babysit me.
NISCHELLE: ...these celebrities
are returning home
to give back
to that special someone...
Mom, this is for you.
Did I do it?
-ROB: Got to hit it
harder than that.
-Okay.
NISCHELLE: ...who helped
lead them to greatness.
She encouraged us.
She was like,
"You guys need to go
chase your dreams."
You changed
the course of my life,
and you didn't mess it up.
What do you think
she would love?
-Everything.
-[laughter]
NISCHELLE: With the help
of an amazing design team...
We're halfway home.
NISCHELLE:
...now featuring
Survivor legend Boston Rob...
Wait till my boys
in Boston see this.
It's gonna be all over.
NISCHELLE:
...and a lot of hard work...
[laughing]
Whoa!
-Come on!
-Yes, Kandi!
NISCHELLE:
...these celebrities are
on a mission
to say thank you
with a surprise home renovation.
Oh, my God!
I'm here where I'm at
because of you, so...
I love you, too.
NISCHELLE:
Tonight...
♪ I never asked for this♪
♪ Or planned it in advance♪
NISCHELLE:
Tony Award-winning actor
and television star
Annaleigh Ashford takes us
back to her hometown of Denver,
Colorado, where, growing up,
her mother, Holli,
made the sacrifices needed...
ANNALEIGH:
She would drive me
all over this town
to support whatever
I was interested in.
NISCHELLE:
...to start her on a successful
path to Broadway.
So now, Annaleigh
is thanking her mom...
Whoa
NISCHELLE:
...with the home renovation
of her dreams.
Welcome home.
[laughing]
I can't just even
take it all in.
-It's gorgeous.
-NISCHELLE: And even though
Annaleigh is hard at work...
Hey, hey, watch out.
My face is there.
NISCHELLE:
...she also takes time
to show me
the people and places...
Oh, look at this place.
ANNALEIGH:
Oh!
NISCHELLE:
...that helped shape her
into the person she is today.
Can you take us to the theater?
Absolutely.
Let's go.
I used to wait
to make entrances like this.
Hey, guys, come on out!
Annaleigh Ashford's
journey home begins now...
This is crazy!
NISCHELLE:
...onSecret
Celebrity Renovation.
♪
ANNALEIGH:
There's my elementary school.
-This one?
-Yeah.
Stober Elementary?
You were the Stober whats?
-Stallions.
-The Stober Stallions.
[both laughing]
I can't believe you're here.
I can't believe I'm here either.
We're so happy to have you.
NISCHELLE:
You were saying
you have a big family.
ANNALEIGH:
So the family is the Swansons.
My mom's side is the Ashfords.
My dad's side is the Swansons.
And you kept the name Ashford
-just because or...?
-Yeah.
[chuckling]:
In college, um,
a really great composer was like
"Annaleigh Ashford
is great for showbiz."
-It is.
-"It'll always be
at the top of the billing."
I thought the same thing.
It really is.
I was like, "How fortunate
is she to have
the name Annaleigh Ashford."
I know.
It's sort of ridiculous.
My middle name is Amanda.
It's too much.
My mind has been
twirling ever since
I said, "Hey, Annaleigh,
is there somebody that you
just want to say thank you to?"
And of course, immediately,
you were like,
-"Holli Swanson."
-My mom.
NISCHELLE:
Your mama.
ANNALEIGH: She's an
elementary school PE teacher
for the last 30 years.
-Uh-huh.
-She recently just retired, and
I thought
this was an amazing way
to really celebrate my mom
and how selfless she has been.
-Teachers are rock stars.
-Amen.
So when you say she's a teacher,
I already know
how selfless she is.
ANNALEIGH:
I would go to dance class
or do shows around Denver.
She really would drive me
all over this town
to support whatever
I was interested in,
which I think is just...
...the greatest sign
of good parenting.
-You know?
-It is.
NISCHELLE:
What do they know
and what have you
told them at all?
The only thing I told
my mom is I said,
"You deserve a space
-"that is bright and happy...
-Okay.
...just like you are."
Oh! I love it.
-We are pulling up.
-Ooh, we're here?
-ANNALEIGH: Yeah, we're here.
-Oh...
This is where I start
to get butterflies.
-ANNALEIGH: I know, me, too.
-This is fun.
ANNALEIGH: I can't believe
we're doing this.
-Oh!
-They were waiting for us.
-They were waiting!
-Hi!
Hi, Mom, this is Nischelle.
-Hi, Mrs. Holli.
-Hi, Nischelle.
She has her bags packed, okay.
-Hey.
-Hey, Chris, how are you?
ANNALEIGH:
It feels really nice to be back,
see the mountains,
feel the air, see the sunshine,
and also be with my family.
Annaleigh just wanted
to really say thank you
in a special way for everything
that you guys have done for her.
I tried to never get in her way
or stifle her.
Just do whatever she needed.
And I think it was worth it.
She's the only person I know
that knew exactly
what she wanted to do
-when she was five.
-Yeah.
CHRIS:
And is doing it today.
We're very proud of her.
-I'm crying.
-Why are you crying?
You're all right?
We just got here.
There's so much more--
We have two weeks of this.
I've been trying to renovate
their house
and they wouldn't ever let me.
-So now we get to do it.
-NISCHELLE: Come on!
I love this so much.
Okay, so we have big plans.
Sabrina, Rob and Annaleigh
have a lot of work to do,
so we're gonna get out of here.
They should be here
in just any moment.
♪
Are you a big Broadway fan?
I've only been to
one Broadway performance.
It was a little bit long.
Like, at halftime,
I, like, thought it was over.
-And I realized...
-It's not halftime.
It's called intermission.
-Well, you know what I meant.
-Wow.
[both laughing]
NISCHELLE:
Hi, guys.
ANNALEIGH:
It's so good
to meet you in person.
Nice to see you, Annaleigh.
ROB:
Sabrina and I spoke
with Annaleigh on the phone,
but it's great
to meet her in person.
-Hey, Rob. Meet Boston Rob!
-Pleasure to meet you.
-Are you guys excited?
-Very excited.
Lots of work to do in there.
I know, you guys have
work to do,
-so we're gonna get out of here.
-SABRINA: Okay.
Annaleigh sent her parents,
Holli and Chris,
to a hotel for two weeks.
-All right, let's do it.
-Bye, you guys.
-Bye.
-SABRINA: They're expecting
some improvements,
but we're gonna take this place
to a whole new level.
-Welcome to my home.
-Wow.
ROB: Wow.
SABRINA: It's wild.
Saying something is wild
is my way of saying
something is a little outdated,
but I'm here to fix all that.
So, what's the style
that we're going for?
Um, I think that the space
needs to evolve
just like our family
has evolved.
It's a great big space,
but I think it could be lighter
and brighter and reflect
her spirit and my family spirit.
SABRINA:
There's definitely some quirky
things happening here,
but I can tell with all
these pictures hanging up
that there's so much love
in this house.
Tell me who everybody is.
This is my beautiful sister
Carolyn and my brother Nick.
And they're ten and eight years
younger than me,
so they're sort of like
my children, as well.
-You're like the second momma.
-I am.
And I could tell that now
that Annaleigh's here...
There's me in high school.
I look exactly the same,
don't I?
SABRINA [laughing]:
You do.
...she wants to give this place
a modern facelift.
We also have a really fabulous
bar top going on here.
I used to use it as a ballet bar
when I was a kid.
-[laughing]
-I did, I would stretch on it.
Vintage original fireplace.
SABRINA:
We got to bring that
back to its roots.
This living room
and dining room combo
already has a nice open layout
and great floors,
but that's all we're keeping
because we need to bring it
out of the 1990s.
I'll create a boho-style
living area
with an eclectic mix of
new furniture, new lighting,
a larger dining room table,
and plenty of accent pieces.
We'll relocate the family photos
so we can bring some color
into the living area,
and we'll give that old
fireplace a beautiful facelift.
All right,
welcome to the kitchen.
-SABRINA: It's big.
-ROB: Whoa.
Yeah, it's super big.
ROB:
It's a lot of brown.
SABRINA:
It's 50 shades of brown.
[laughter]
She loves blue.
She loves, um, creams.
I think also, in general,
the whole house,
it feels really kind of
dark and needs, like,
some light and bright,
which is also my mom.
She's, like, so bubbly and fun.
SABRINA:
The layout of the kitchen
is really nice,
but the whole space
needs to be newer
and in the color palette
that Holli really loves.
What's going
on with this pantry?
So, I think they put that there
'cause that's the only place
they thought they could put one?
I could tell right away
that this was
a do-it-yourself project.
They just put a hole
in the wall?
So they just put a hole
Yeah, and on the other side,
in the laundry room,
there's a big box.
And you're like
"Why is there a box?"
-'Cause it's a pantry.
-You're kidding me.
There's a cut out here
for, like,
the fridge
that you had in college.
-Yes.
-Why do we have two fridges?
-Lots of parties.
-Really?
ANNALEIGH: Lots of people
over all the time.
ROB:
This single pantry cabinet
just does not belong here.
So I can't wait to get rid of it
and give Holli some
storage space somewhere else.
Tell me what's going on
with this.
ANNALEIGH:
Okay, so I thought
we needed a family crest
on the wall, so I hand-painted
what I believe to be
our family crest.
-That's pretty good.
-I love that.
-ANNALEIGH: Thank you.
-You did such a good job. Okay.
But are you okay
with all of this going away?
Oh, we can totally take it away.
If we feel like
we need the crest--
'cause I know
my parents love it--
maybe I can, like, repaint it
for them and we can frame it.
SABRINA:
Okay. Okay.
We'll need to start
with a full gut job,
including taking out that
DIY pantry and mini fridge.
We'll be sure to save
the Swanson family crest
so it can be repurposed
for Annaleigh's parents.
We'll install
modern gray cabinets,
including a beautiful
large pantry where it belongs,
and an island in Holli's
favorite blue
to make it really pop.
Then, we'll finish off
the kitchen
with beautiful white
quartz countertops
to brighten everything up.
ANNALEIGH:
Since my grandma passed away,
my mom really has become
the matriarch.
My grandma, she was
an incredible entertainer.
And I'm just super excited for
my mom to have a cozier, warmer,
brighter space to have all of
our family and friends over.
All right.
SABRINA:
So, this used to be the garage?
-ANNALEIGH: This was the garage.
-ROB: This is a big space.
SABRINA:
This family room
should be the party room,
but right now,
there's definitely
no party going on.
So wait, this is
where everybody hangs out,
-but we only have
seating for five?
-ANNALEIGH: Exactly.
There's not enough seating.
There's a very large
beanbag in the middle.
SABRINA: Oh, right.
I forgot about the beanbag.
ANNALEIGH:
Yes, the beanbag.
There's an old beanbag
on the floor.
The TV's gone
because it was broken.
The brown tile
makes the space feel cold.
I need to get this place
back on track.
Sabrina, what about this space?
Do you think we could
do something over here?
-I want to get
more seating here.
-Right.
SABRINA:
So if we just solely
keep this seating,
we can make that,
like, an entertaining bar.
Sabrina's ideas are amazing.
I mean, who doesn't
want a beverage center?
That door leads to the backyard,
so that's sort of perfect.
-Great.
-Awesome.
SABRINA:
Family rooms are so fun
because they're
where everyone gathers.
And for Holli's,
I'm going to triple
the amount of seating
with a huge comfy sectional
and bar seating for four.
I'll bring in a media console
that doubles as a modern
electric fireplace
to warm up
this converted garage.
And I'll top it
with a 83-inch TV,
which will be perfect
for watching the big game.
Then, I'll brighten
everything up with new paint,
lighting and upgraded flooring.
And to replace
that DIY mini fridge,
we'll create a beautiful
beverage station
that will include
a brand-new refrigerator
and ice maker for all of
their future viewing parties.
But first, we need to get
everything out.
I think there are
17 water bottles in here.
-Oh, my gosh.
-I'm gonna count. One...
-Two...
-SABRINA: They love a plug-in.
It's a big one.
That's number three.
There's more water bottles
on the bottom.
♪
We got another one.
Stay hydrated.
-The altitude is a killer.
-It is, right?
♪
All right.
We got everything packed up,
pretty much.
I'm gonna go get some tools
and we're gonna get going.
-[whooshing]
-Do we get to demo now?
Yeah, but you should go change.
I cannot wait
to change for this.
ROB:
While Annaleigh and Sabrina
are changing for demo,
I brought some of my guys in
to start removing
some of the heaviest items.
[Annaleigh gasps]
It's about time
you guys showed up.
-All right.
-I feel really good
about my outfit right now.
[laughs]
You are playing the part.
I was born to play the part
of the demolition queen.
You are going to demo
the counters.
[gasps]
Oh, my God.
Have you used a sledgehammer
before, Annaleigh?
No, but I work out.
-[laughing]
-I work out, guys.
I think here is
the best place to start.
Right on top of where
the dishwasher was.
Ooh, here we go.
One, two, three.
-Did I do it? Okay.
-ROB: Got to hit it
harder than that.
[whispering]:
I'm really...
I'm maybe not as strong
as I thought I was.
Come on, Annaleigh!
This is a little bit
harder than, um,
I thought it was gonna be.
Oh, my God, you guys.
ROB:
There it is.
-[screaming]
-There it is, there it is!
Yahtzee!
ROB:
All right.
-Wow, that was incredible.
-[Sabrina chuckles]
It took a few swings,
but once she got the hang of it,
she was on fire.
Whoa!
Holy guacamole.
Mom, this is for you.
That was a great one.
I've used a sledgehammer.
I know.
I don't know why I'm talking
like a lady from the 1930s.
I do look like a woman
from the 1930s.
Why don't you come up and see me
sledgehammer sometime?
-Oh!
-ROB: Good one, good one.
I do want to see what's going on
with this pantry.
I'm gonna go look
on the other side.
I'm gonna knock on it.
-You tell me, like, where it is.
-Oh, like...
-Okay.
-Like... "Hello!"
-I know what a knock is, Rob.
-"Hello?"
[laughing]
Oh, my goodness, look at this.
-You're right there?
-ROB: Okay, I got it.
Can you knock a sledgehammer
through there?
-Oh, hello. Ooh!
-Keep coming.
-ROB: Okay, okay.
-ANNALEIGH: Wow.
Hey, hey, hey!
ANNALEIGH:
Ooh!
Hey, hey, watch out.
My face is there.
It's all fun and games
until someone loses an eye.
[laughs]
Watch. Close the doors.
Close the doors.
This week on
Secret Celebrity Renovation...
[laughter]
NISCHELLE:
Coming up, Annaleigh brings
a little Broadway
to the demolition.
Smile, baby, shuffle, step.
-Shuffle, step.
-NISCHELLE: And she nails it.
[whoops]
-There we go.
-[whoops]
NISCHELLE:
And later,
I take her back
to where it all began...
Look at this place.
...and give her
a little surprise.
Hey, guys, come on out!
Oh!
[laughing]
NISCHELLE:
Tony Award-winning actress
and TV star Annaleigh Ashford
has been singing
and dancing on, off,
and way off Broadway
since the second grade.
She's headed home this week
to deliver a renovation filled
with love and thanks
to her mom, Holli, who
lifted her up so she could shine
under the bright lights
of Broadway.
Oh, look, it flies right out.
-There you go. There it is.
-Oh.
-[laughing]
-Wow.
-All right, we did it.
In the meantime, I'm gonna work
on getting this out, too.
ROB: We need to get
everything out
so we can start
with a clean slate.
Look at how wide open it is.
It's like a dance studio now.
[lively jazz music playing]
-Oh, you're good.
-That's pretty good.
ROB:
I bet Sabrina dances.
-Only salsa.
-Let's see it.
Do I do salsa?
That's my jam.
-[salsa music playing]
-Yeah!
-Yes.
-♪ Babam, babam, babam.♪
ROB:
But you got to teach me
one step at a time.
Okay, ready?
Smile, baby, shuffle, step.
Shuffle, step.
-Oh, boy.
-That's the tap dance.
When the boys
in Boston see this,
-it's gonna be all over.
-[both laughing]
ANNALEIGH:
I've done stripes on the walls
that I painted myself,
I did a chalkboard wall,
and I did
the family crest on it.
And I think that an accent wall
would be super cool
in the living space.
So you come up
with your design here,
-and then I'll come back
and judge it.
-Great. I can't wait.
-I love judgment.
-Really?
-Yeah, it's great.
-I'm so good at judging people.
[laughing]
She's chosen the right
wall to feature
and she has this idea of
using wood trim
protruding off the wall,
and it's going to look gorgeous.
So, again, there's like,
no rhyme or reason.
It just has to be balanced
throughout this entire wall.
-Okay.
-So I'll work on this side
and you work on that side.
♪ All my DIY dreams
are coming true.♪
SABRINA:
Have you always been into,
like, decorating?
ANNALEIGH:
Always, always, always.
I really liked ladybugs.
I love ladybugs, too.
I have tulips and ladybugs.
Oh, I love that.
I love home decor
and being creative that way.
♪
ROB:
Now that Annaleigh and Sabrina
are done creating,
I can get some help
cutting some wood
to frame out the hole
in the wall where the DIY
pantry used to be.
Now, have you ever used
a chop saw before?
It's been many moons
when I was building
a set in college.
You're gonna come down.
You're gonna to turn it on.
-Okay.
-You're gonna start the saw
-and then push it
straight through.
-Okay.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
There you go.
Now you're down.
All the way.
-You did it.
-I did it one-handed.
-Easy, one-handed.
-[shouts]
That was great.
Now, what's the size
of the next one?
-It is nine and a half.
-Nine and a half.
ANNALEIGH:
Rob is a really special teacher.
There you go.
You did it.
Perfect.
He's such a good teacher
that I have all my fingers.
Let's see how we did
with the measurements.
ANNALEIGH:
It looks good.
Good job.
[Annaleigh whoops]
What am I doing this for?
You do this.
BOTH:
Ooh!
-ROB: Can you do it?
-Yes, okay.
ROB:
One shot.
-ANNALEIGH: Wow.
-ROB: Pretty good.
One more. Keep going.
ANNALEIGH:
There's a lot of power
in that nail gun.
ROB:
One more.
-[Annaleigh whooping]
-One more, one more, one more.
Ooh! Ooh!
Are you supposed
to scream like that every time?
Ooh!
♪
All right, I'll tell you what.
We got a lot done the first day.
So this is a little more work
than I was expecting.
I'll be back
bright and early, 6:00 a.m.
-Okay, great.
-All right?
-We'll see you.
-See you bright and early.
Um... I'm physically exhausted.
Two more weeks of this.
I'm sore,
not just in my muscles,
but in my bones.
I love my mom.
So, Mom, you better like this
reno, 'cause I'm feeling it.
ROB:
We have a lot going on today
and a lot of moving parts.
First, Annaleigh wants
to donate all of the cabinets.
So my guys are taking them down
carefully and getting them out
so they can be picked up.
And then, some of the new
cabinets arrive,
which we assemble
and start installing
right into the kitchen.
Finally, we're installing
the drywall where
the old pantry was,
and then
very carefully removing
the Swanson family crest
so we can give it
a prominent space
in the new family room
once we finish everything.
-[singsongy]: Sabrina...
-What do you got?
[singsongy]:
We got something for you.
Today, I have Annaleigh
helping me cut
the white birch slab
that we're gonna use
for the beverage bar
in the family room.
This is, like, eight feet.
We could cut it to five feet?
I think five feet's good,
because
we could put a plant.
You know, like a little basket.
-Very good.
-ROB: Annaleigh and
I are holding
this heavy block,
and Sabrina's talking
about plants and baskets?
-Just tell me what you want...
-I just told you.
-...and don't change it.
-[laughing]
-It's good.
-This was a really good workout.
ROB:
She went with five feet,
and Annaleigh and I got it
cut to size.
We can varnish it later
and it's going to look great.
-All right. Looks good.
-Amazing.
♪
NISCHELLE:
It's day five of the renovation,
and with the main
demolition done
and most of the kitchen
cabinets already in,
it's time for the painters
to brighten everything up.
The old brick in the living room
is getting a whole new life,
and the entire family room
that was brown and blah
is transforming
into bright and cheery.
So today I am going to give
Annaleigh a painting pass
and instead take her
on a trip down memory lane.
ANNALEIGH:
I worked at a lot of
incredible theaters in Denver,
and one of them is
Littleton Town Hall Arts Center.
So we're gonna go there today.
I'm really excited about it.
NISCHELLE:
We're going to Town Hall
and Ms. Susie
is going to be there.
-Yeah.
-Tell me all about Susie.
-She is the grande dame
of Denver theater.
-Yeah.
And she's really
the first person
who ever saw me perform
and said, "You have to do this."
She told me that
she believed in me
and then she loved me.
What else could you ask for?
Oh, look at this place.
ANNALEIGH:
Oh!
-Oh, is that...
-Susie!
♪ Look at boots, boots...♪
SUSIE:
When I saw Annaleigh,
I hadn't seen her in person
for quite a while,
and she's my baby.
-I love you.
-I love you more.
It just brought back
so many memories.
Can you take us to the theater?
-Absolutely. Let's go.
-Take us to the theater.
ANNALEIGH:
There are certain
people you meet
and they're kindred spirits
and they're family immediately.
And she's one of those.
-♪ Welcome to the theater.♪
-Oh!
I used to wait to make
entrances like this.
-[laughing]
-I did.
I'd come over and, like,
peek over here
and then make my entrance.
NISCHELLE:
You first met...
She came to audition for you.
We were auditioning for
Sound of Music,
and we probably had 350 kids
sign up for this audition.
And she blew me away.
So I said,
"There is no question in my mind
"that she would be cast
in Sound of Music.
"However, I want her
for the lead in the show
that I'm doing."
Ooh.
And that show was Ruthless!?
-That was Ruthless!
-And I knew it.
And I knew the show.
I actually have
a little surprise for you.
-Oh, no.
-Come on.
We do have the cast
of Ruthless!here.
ANNALEIGH:
Oh, I'm gonna cry already.
Hey, guys, come on out!
Oh!
I mean, what?
ANNALEIGH:
Oh, my God.
When the cast ofRuthless!
The Musical walked out,
tears streamed down my face
immediately.
This is crazy!
Like, I'm overwhelmed
that they found time to come
and spend the afternoon with us.
I've gotten to do a lot
of special shows in my life,
but that first one was...
[exhales]
...was super, super,
super special.
They are not only people who
taught me how to be an artist,
but they taught me
how to be human
on stage enough.
I was a little girl, but
I never felt like a little girl.
They treated me like a fellow
cast member, and that's
really special
as a young artist.
One number that stuck with me
is the opening number,
-"I Was Born To Entertain."
-Oh, that's right.
Well, come on.
[laughing]
Little girl Annaleigh
was just back to herself.
♪ I was born
to sing and dance...♪
When you look at your journey
and how your life
has come to be,
those first couple steps
are always the most important,
and I think I got pretty lucky
thatRuthless! The Musical
with Susie Leiser
was not my first step,
but my first tap.
Everybody say Ruthless!
ALL:
Ruthless!
NISCHELLE: With a lot to get
done, the renovation needs
-to kick into high gear.
-Perfect.
-Great.
NISCHELLE:
The countertop still needs
to be chosen,
so Sabrina grabs Rob
to join the mission.
We could be here for days.
ROB:
This place is huge.
NISCHELLE:
And Annaleigh wants me
to meet the rest of the family,
so we head out
on a little road trip.
ANNALEIGH:
Oh, they're waiting for us.
♪
I've been trying to
renovate their house,
and they wouldn't ever let me.
So now we get to do it
NISCHELLE:
Annaleigh Ashford's mom, Holli,
has been a phys ed teacher
for 30 years
and is finally hanging up
her kickball
to enjoy life at home
with her husband, Chris.
-Bye, you guys!
-Bye-bye.
[grunts]
NISCHELLE:
To celebrate
her mom's achievement,
Annaleigh is renovating Holli's
living room, dining room,
kitchen, and family room
so Holli can kick back
and relax in style
while hosting all her Denver
friends and family.
The retirement party
is only five days away,
and there still is lots to do.
But with everything going on,
Sabrina has decided
to steal Rob for a mission.
ROB:
So, uh, where are we going?
We are going to Cosentino
to pick up
some counters for the new
and improved kitchen.
And look what I brought.
-Is this the actual...
-This is the island.
...island color?
-Isn't that beautiful?
-That is nice.
ROB: To what do I owe
this great privilege
that I am allowed to take
a little design trip with you?
I just used the app,
and you picked me up.
[laughing]
ROB [singsongy]:
Here we are.
♪
Wow, this place is huge.
I love how
we're pretending that, like,
-I have any say in this.
-No, you do.
-Really?
-Absolutely.
I like that one. That's pretty.
It's got, like, a little bit
of pearl undertone...
Put it up next to it. Let's see.
-You see that?
-That's nice.
I feel like we need
a little bit more pizzazz.
Man, I knew it wasn't
going to be this easy.
I feel like we just
locked in this one here.
-No.
-We're going to take it.
-No?
-Okay.
-No, there are options
for a reason.
-What about this guy?
-I mean, that looks
exactly like that one.
-Except it's gray.
-This has tons of brown in it.
This has lots
of gray undertones.
If you spend too much time here,
-everything starts
to look the same.
-No, it doesn't.
-Sabrina?
-Yes.
A little bit of blue,
a little bit of gray,
and mostly white.
I love that.
I think it's got
a little personality.
It's got that
classic Carrara feel,
but the low maintenance
of the quartz.
I like it, too,
and I picked it out.
♪
SABRINA:
Annaleigh's mom, Holli,
loves to entertain,
but the seating in her family
room was lackluster at best.
It only had
couch seating for five
and an old beanbag
center stage.
So I'm going to bring the party
to Denver with seating for 15,
which includes
some bar-style seating
and tables behind the couch
that'll be perfect
for watching the big game.
♪
Rob and Annaleigh
picked up the lumber
we need for the bar tables
this morning.
And the first one was ready
to go in about an hour.
Annaleigh and I are planning
to add some family photos
to the bar tables
for a personal touch.
But right now, we need to finish
the accent wall
in the family room
that Annaleigh designed.
-SABRINA: How's it going?
-Good. Okay.
I want to know,
is this what you're thinking?
Like, look at this.
The angle that you have
on the wall right now...
-Are they all 45?
-Well, that's what I was
gonna ask you.
They're not.
They're not all 45s,
'cause remember what you did
with the tape
and that whole thing?
Maybe in the tape,
but not in the real design.
-Different angles.
-That was just pretending.
-What?
-Yes.
-Pretending?
ANNALEIGH: Sometimes
Rob and Sabrina
bicker... you know, more than
my brother and sister.
I don't want to choose sides.
-I just want to tell you
I love you both.
-Yeah.
I do have to tell you, though,
when you guys had
all this tape up here,
I had no idea what it
was going to look like.
And this actually
looks really good.
It's like a modern
mountain mural.
-It's art.
Great job.
-There's the rest of them.
-Thank you.
-I'm gonna go finish up outside.
Okay.
ROB:
Everything has been running
pretty smoothly so far
on this renovation.
We should be getting
the kitchen countertops in
in a couple days.
So while we wait for those,
I have my team
building out the second
bar table in the family room.
And our painting continues with
the fireplace and the kitchen.
Annaleigh has been wanting
to take Nischelle on a trip.
So, because I have
a full house here already,
today is the perfect day.
♪
ANNALEIGH:
I'm taking Nischelle
to my family cabin.
My dad's grandpa bought
this beautiful cabin
up at Buffalo Creek,
and it's been
in the family ever since.
My dad has been coming
to this cabin since he was born.
-Oh!
-And then,
when it burned down
in the Buffalo Creek fires,
he has helped his family rebuild
every single piece of it.
NISCHELLE: Are you starting
to feel nostalgic?
ANNALEIGH:
Oh, yeah.
We're here.
NISCHELLE:
Oh, this is it?
Gorgeous.
Oh, there's a car here.
Oh, that's
my brother and sister.
-Oh, they're here?
-They're waiting for us.
-Hey, guys.
-NICK: Hey.
ANNALEIGH:
I really think the cabin
is my family's oasis.
And you know what an oasis is?
Place of dreams.
Whoa.
-[laughing]
-I know.
Holy taxidermy, Batman.
ANNALEIGH:
Yes, uh... welcome.
NISCHELLE:
Wow.
ANNALEIGH:
It's our dad's fantasy room.
It's been in your family
for generations.
We used to come up here
pretty much every weekend
when we were younger.
Coming up here and watching
my family rebuild the cabin
and being a part of that
was something that, you know,
I'll remember
for the rest of my life.
We got so many great
stories about how
when she was young
and was, you know,
started doing shows
and your mom, you know,
worked all day,
but then at night,
wanted to make sure
she still was there for her
and supported her dream,
and would pack you guys up.
-Right.
-I remember
my mom telling me, you know,
"Put on your pajamas.
We're going to pick Annie up."
ANNALEIGH:
We'd get them ready for bed
before we got them
in their car seats.
And they'd eat dinner on the car
on the way to dance
or if I had a show.
And then we'd get home
and I'd always carry Carolyn,
my mom would carry Nick.
We'd all get into my mom's bed,
and then my dad would come home
in the middle of
the night, and he'd go
-put us all in our beds.
-Aw.
My mom has sacrificed
so much for me and my dreams.
I always say, like,
my mom put her kids
before everything else.
I love it.
Well, we're gonna
make her happy.
I love hearing all of this
and I'm so excited
that we got to come up here.
But I did see
when we came in, the horses.
Can we see them?
They're so beautiful.
I know.
Aren't they gorgeous?
-Yes.
-They're so sweet, too.
NISCHELLE: Okay, which one's
Clint and which one's Eastwood?
Is this a Colorado
moment or what?
NISCHELLE:
This is amazing. It really is.
I mean, look at the view.
And we're out here
feeding horses.
Coming up here
and getting to hang...
Oh, Clint wants some more.
Rob and Sabrina
are gonna kill me.
Really, I'm gonna have
to get you back.
We painted a lot earlier.
I think it's okay.
-You did?
-Yeah, I feel good about it.
NISCHELLE:
Well, then I'll tell them
to yell at you, not me.
NISCHELLE: Coming up, everyone
is feeling the pressure,
so a little help was called in.
You guys think you can handle
-the rest of this?
-I think so. Yeah.
NISCHELLE:
And Rob has a special surprise.
-Are you ready?
-ANNALEIGH: Yes.
[gasps]
Oh, my God.
NISCHELLE:
And later, Annaleigh's parents
come back home.
I love this.
-Welcome home.
-HOLLI: Oh, my God.
Oh, it's beautiful.
It's so pretty.
NISCHELLE: Our two weeks
in Denver are coming to a close.
With only one day left,
everybody has been racing
to get things finished up
for Holli and Chris.
I got some more tiles.
NISCHELLE: Sabrina and Annaleigh
added the kitchen backsplash...
So picket title
like a picket fence?
See? It sort of mimics
a picket fence.
NISCHELLE:
...and then help Rob
secure the last cabinet
in place.
-SABRINA: Perfect.
-Great. Feels good.
NISCHELLE:
All while the white quartz
countertops have been installed,
and the new sink
is looking great.
Sabrina brought in new lighting
and Rob brought in
Nick and Carolyn
to finish off the painting.
NICK:
This place was so brown
back in the day.
NISCHELLE:
In the family room,
the butcher block was prepped
to become the new beverage bar.
Chris, this one's for you.
NISCHELLE:
And Sabrina and Annaleigh
have been adding photos
to the bar tables.
I love this picture
of you and your son.
-Thank you.
-Is this the cabin
you guys were just at?
-That's it.
-Ah, it's beautiful.
I know.
Colorado magic right there.
There's nothing better
than looking at old photos.
-This is looking good.
-Oh, hello.
I actually have a surprise
for you, Annaleigh.
For me?
-Yes.
-For me?
-Are you excited?
-Yes.
So we actually had the guys
cut it out of the wall.
-Are you ready?
-ANNALEIGH: Yes.
[gasps]
Oh, my God.
This is the original crest
that you made.
-Oh, that has popcorn wall,
is that what you call it?
-[laughing]
Oh, you guys!
-You like it?
-I love it.
You know who's really
gonna love it?
-Mom.
-My mom.
And my dad.
My dad loves this so much, too.
Awesome.
-You guys...
-SABRINA: It's not gone.
So we put it in a frame.
I figured I'll leave it here
and let you guys figure out
where to hang it.
That is so sweet.
-Okay?
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-Thanks, Rob.
NISCHELLE:
It's Reveal Day, y'all!
What is happening here?
-This is a combo piece.
-NISCHELLE: Cool.
It's a media cabinet
and a fireplace.
How cool is that?
I think we need
to make sure that
it's all good
for the Broncos games.
-Okay, I'm ready.
-Okay, all right.
SABRINA:
Lift with your legs.
-Ready?
-[laughing] Yeah.
-NISCHELLE: Ooh.
-Here it is.
Chris is gonna love this one.
I think the whole family
will enjoy this TV
because they love all gathering
-and watching Broncos games.
-Yes.
Don't you? Yes, indeed.
ANNALEIGH:
I'm so excited for
my parents to see it.
I think it's gonna
blow their mind.
I think they're gonna be
kind of in shock.
I cannot believe that
they've got a double freezer.
-Oh!
-SABRINA: All new appliances.
This new space is so functional.
It is gonna make my mom
and dad's life so much easier
and so much more fun.
We took the family photos
from here
-into the actual family room.
-ANNALEIGH: Awesome.
-And now she has art.
-So pretty.
ANNALEIGH:
After all these years
of watching my parents
do their own renovations,
it felt amazing to actually
paint their walls,
and actually frame
a section of a wall.
I mean, I think we nailed it.
Har. Har.
That's a...
that's a construction joke.
♪
I just can't believe
this is happening.
-Yeah.
-It's so wonderful.
Oh, my gosh.
♪
[overlapping shouting]
[cheering and laughing]
SABRINA:
This makes me feel...
[overlapping chatter]
I love this.
-We missed you, guys.
-ROB: We missed you, guys.
Well, I don't have to ask
if you're excited
'cause you didn't even
let him put it in park.
[laughter]
NISCHELLE:
Okay, listen,
I don't want to sit
out here all day
'cause we got stuff to do.
-We've got things to show you.
-Okay.
-You ready to go in?
-Yes.
-We're ready.
All right, get them inside.
We'll stay out here.
-Enjoy every minute of it.
-All right, let's go.
-ROB: Enjoy.
-NISCHELLE: Let's go, let's go.
Holli and Chris, welcome home.
HOLLI:
I can't even take it all in.
It's gorgeous.
NISCHELLE: Holli and Chris,
welcome home.
Look!
♪
-Do you like it?
-It's amazing.
Wow.
Oh, Mom.
My mom started crying
immediately. [chuckling]
-You made Chris cry.
-I did not.
And then I looked over,
and so was my dad.
HOLLI:
I can't just even
take it all in.
-It's gorgeous.
-Completely different.
Yeah, there's a lot to see here,
so you might need
to just take a moment.
HOLLI:
It wasn't anything
that I could even imagine.
How beautiful
it was gonna be.
It was gorgeous.
I like how light it is.
I love everything.
I love the colors.
-It makes it look bigger, right?
-Yeah.
-So much bigger.
-HOLLI: Oh, so pretty.
ANNALEIGH:
And brighter.
-Oh, I love that couch.
-Yes.
NISCHELLE: Do you want to sit?
Have a seat.
HOLLI: Oh, my gosh, I want
to see if these are comfortable.
-Comfy.
-Have a seat.
That looks really
pretty over there, too.
ANNALEIGH:
I know!
HOLLI:
I just don't know
what I expected.
It's just so beautiful
beyond anything
that I thought it would be.
-Modern, too.
-Look at this.
HOLLI:
Oh, my gosh.
ANNALEIGH:
The brick is painted.
HOLLI: Oh, my gosh, and the
mantel? Oh, that's so pretty.
-That is so beautiful.
-ANNALEIGH: And you can use it.
Also, remember we used to store
lots of old things over there?
-HOLLI: Oh, yeah.
-ANNALEIGH: Now you can
store wood.
CHRIS:
Toilet paper.
HOLLI: Oh, that looks so cool--
We did.
And paper towels. Oh, my gosh.
That looks a lot better.
NISCHELLE:
There's so much seating.
-HOLLI: Oh.
-An entirely new dining area.
-HOLLI: Oh, but that is
really pretty.
-NISCHELLE: I know.
-Look at that.
Isn't that pretty?
-Oh...
-ANNALEIGH: Great for dominoes.
-HOLLI: Yes.
-Really good dominoes light.
-NISCHELLE: You got the table.
HOLLI: Can I try these
chairs out, too?
Yes, they're yours.
[laughing]
-There's lots of places to sit.
-You don't have to ask.
ANNALEIGH:
You know,
you can never do enough
to show your parents how much
you're grateful for them
and how much
you love them, but...
A new kitchen is a good start.
We also know you love
to entertain.
-You like to cook.
-HOLLI: Yeah.
Yeah, so, do you want
to see your kitchen?
-Yes.
-Let's see your kitchen.
Come on.
Oh, my gosh.
HOLLI:
The kitchen was so beautiful.
The colors.
Oh, it's beautiful.
-It's so pretty. Oh, my...
-CHRIS: Doesn't even...
-Looks completely different.
-[Annaleigh laughing]
HOLLI:
I love the gray
and the navy blue
and just how light it was.
I want to show you.
There used to be
the fridge
and a pantry right here.
So I took them out,
and we closed this wall.
-HOLLI: Okay.
-I actually framed it myself.
HOLLI:
Really?
-Yes.
-HOLLI: Oh, my gosh.
I never have had a blind here.
ANNALEIGH:
You never had a...
-She's never had a blind there.
-I haven't.
There's never been any kind
of curtain situation.
-So pretty. I love it.
-I like to see our neighbors.
ANNALEIGH:
My mom never had
a curtain or any blinds
in the kitchen,
so the neighbors,
they saw the goods
if you were walking by naked.
I really do have to
show you guys something,
so here's a little surprise
along with these great
new appliances,
-but come with me.
-Okay.
NISCHELLE:
Pantry.
You've got all this room.
You can do so much stuff.
It's wide.
Yeah, I like that.
It's beautiful.
NISCHELLE:
Isn't that just great?
I love it.
ANNALEIGH:
Also, there's another
cool little surprise.
Look at this.
-Aw...
-Oh, wow.
It's just like the sign
you did for us.
-Yes.
-Absolutely.
Oh, I love that.
NISCHELLE:
You know what?
-We're not done.
-Oh, my God.
-Nah, we're not done.
-You're kidding.
There's more to come.
-You want to see?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Gonna go this way.
-Okay.
-CHRIS: Oh, Holli...
-Here we go.
-Oh, my God.
-CHRIS: Oh...
[Annaleigh laughing]
You know what?
We're not done.
-Oh, my God.
-Wow.
There's more to come.
-You want to see?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Gonna go this way.
-Okay.
-CHRIS: Oh, Holli...
-Here we go.
-Oh, my God.
-CHRIS: Oh, God.
[Annaleigh laughing]
Isn't it amazing?
-Oh, my gosh.
-CHRIS: It's amazing.
-ANNALEIGH: I know!
And lookit, there's all that
seating back there now.
NISCHELLE:
Seating for everyone
in the couches.
ANNALEIGH:
You can sit back, "Ah!"
NISCHELLE:
Stadium seating back here.
ANNALEIGH:
Isn't that amazing?
-Oh.
-And pictures.
ANNALEIGH:
Look at all these
fun pictures, too.
NISCHELLE:
Great thing about these
is you can add to the memories.
You just slip the pictures
in there?
-Yeah. Isn't that cool?
-Oh, that is so cool.
HOLLI:
I'm looking at this wall, too.
-ANNALEIGH: Yes.
-HOLLI: What is this?
This is what we call
an accent wall.
HOLLI:
Oh, wow. That is so cool.
-Isn't it cool?
-Yeah, that's really neat.
ANNALEIGH:
Check out this wall.
-[Holli laughing]
-Look at our sweet
family photos.
-Perfect.
-Yeah.
-Oh, I love it.
-Super cool, right?
-Love it, love it, love it.
-There's you.
-HOLLI: Yeah. [laughing]
-NISCHELLE: So good.
HOLLI:
That really took me back.
I never like to have
pictures of myself.
That was a really sweet touch.
I really loved that.
All the way across there,
we still got another
little treat for you.
-CHRIS: Oh.
-HOLLI: Oh, my God.
ANNALEIGH:
This is the beverage station.
Can you believe that?
Look over there.
-That's so nice.
-Yeah, can you believe it?
-Wow.
-Oh, my gosh.
-I know.
-That is beautiful.
-ANNALEIGH: Isn't it incredible?
That's amazing.
-So good, right?
-I remember this.
-CHRIS: Yes.
-ANNALEIGH: Yes!
Isn't that so cool?
HOLLI: This was in our
old kitchen. Oh, I love that.
We didn't want it to go away.
HOLLI:
I'm so surprised.
I mean, I knew it was
gonna be beautiful
but this is just gorgeous.
Love it.
-Beautiful. Oh, I love it.
-Do you feel like this is gonna
make it easier
to have people over?
-CHRIS: Oh, yeah.
-Oh, yes.
We're gonna have
even more fun than we have.
-[Annaleigh laughing]
-HOLLI: It's beautiful.
NISCHELLE:
What I love about this,
I mean, seriously,
you get to levels of success
and you can do a lot of things,
but to be able to put
your heart in it, too.
She put her whole heart and soul
into this for you guys,
and I hope it just shows you
a little piece
of how much she loves you.
-CHRIS: Yes.
-Thank you, baby.
-I love you guys.
-I love you.
-I love you, guys.
Oh, I love a family hug.
Yes!
You know, I was saying earlier
that I feel like
you need to be celebrated
because you did just retire,
and you're so amazing.
Oh, thank you.
And so,
that's what we're going to do.
ANNALEIGH:
We're gonna to celebrate you!
NISCHELLE:
We're going to celebrate you.
Look, everybody's here.
[overlapping chatter]
-[laughter]
-We brought the party!
Come on in.
NISCHELLE:
It's a party!
Come on in, guys.
Check it out.
ANNALEIGH:
It feels special
and such a relief
to sort of be at the end
of this journey.
ANNALEIGH:
Look, it's your own chair.
NISCHELLE:
It fits you perfectly.
ANNALEIGH:
Oh, yes!
I'm so grateful
that I got to give my parents
this beautiful gift,
and I'm just excited to
see them share this with
all the people that they love.
[overlapping chattering]
You know, this house has
a lot of history for our family.
It has been in the family
for 50 years,
and I feel like
today was the beginning
of a new chapter,
one that's filled with
even more love and light.
Hey, Mom, we have
a little surprise for you.
You know, my mom
has been a PE teacher
for the last 30 years,
and her classroom is the gym.
Of course, it took 30 years
for them to replace the carpet,
so we want to present you
-with a little piece
of the school.
-[laughter]
All the sweat,
all the love that went in
on this floor.
And we want to make sure
that you remember...
-Thank you.
-...all the years
that you gave to kids.
ANNALEIGH:
The fact that they were able
to save a piece of that carpet,
I think is just
a magical momento.
I mean, it's hilarious
and also so heartfelt
at the same time.
[cheering and applause]
Saving a spot, right here.
[laughing]
Yes, there we go!
To Holli!
HOLLI:
We were talking about,
this is gonna be so beautiful
and the kids won't mess it up.
They won't be here
to throw parties...
[laughing]
...unless we're here.
So we're gonna keep it
really nice
and, yeah, this is
a new chapter in our life.
-Hey, how do you guys feel?
-I love it.
-You love it?
-It's amazing.
-Yes.
-Yeah?
-Thank you so much.
-Simply amazing.
-You're so welcome. I love you.
I'm so glad we got to do this
-for you guys.
-CHRIS: Thank you for doing it.
HOLLI:
I'm just gonna
tell you something.
You really make it life when
your friends become your family
and when your family
are your best friends.
-Oh, Mom.
-That's all you can ask for.
-You're my best friend, baby,
I love you so much.
-I love you, too.
-I love you so much.
-Thank you, you're
my best friend, too.
I love you.
And now we have new friends.
-Yes, you do.
-Friends.
And there's so much joy
in this house today.
And that's the way
it's supposed to be,
Ain't that right, Jack?
Jack, you want to bring us
some popcorn?
-Jack, come on in here.
-Come on.
-[shouts indistinctly]
-[laughing]
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org